so I just realized that I just did a
video and I'm my friend just sorry um so
what's it called what am I saying was I
must say I just phoned a video with this
clothes on and it was my morning routine
so if you guys want to see that it's my
last video and if you guys want to be
entered into giveaway it's my last last
video which is two videos ago um anyway
um started with what's on my iPhone 6 so
I just have the let's see what is it
called the space gray um iphone 6 let me
try and fix the camera here just the
space grey and it's kind of like a good
I don't know I don't know why they call
it space grey I guess it looks like
space grey or something anyway and
listening to listening to john mayer
right now on um mrs. called spotify but
anyway let's get on with this so the
easiest way to do this is um just tell
you guys what i have so here I have
YouTube snapchat Pandora phone obviously
calendar photos camera I movie whether
pinterest photography which has I'll go
into depth later lifestyle yelp I don't
know why I looked at that and yes i was
looking at birth on yelp just I don't
know why maps google shops um shots
shops and shots Twitter Instagram my fav
these are like my fav ones obviously
because they're at the bottom so they're
always on the page messages tumblr
Spotify I have Mouse schedule because i
work at Disneyland um music GoPro
facetime calculator I don't know why
that's out by itself that's going to
awkward I have productivity which I
hardly ever go into extras mobile
banking and power 106 so starting off
let's go youtube obviously you know what
that is youtube is YouTube
let's see what else can I show you
snapchat oh there we are there i am
snapchat so there we are we can't do
yeah i'm filming anyway always have it
listed below so just read the
description you guys can follow me on
snapchat have PE photo lr kit camera ah
followers plus because i like to see who
like how i like to keep track of like
followers and stuff like that so I know
if you unfollowed me it sounds like such
a creep but i really like it because
like it shows you how much likes you've
had ever it's really cool like likes
total likes i have three thirty thousand
146 unlike all my pictures combined and
it just like it's kind of cool to pull
up so I like it montage light which you
could put like pictures together and
stuff vscocam which is my favorite one
to edit all my Instagram pictures if I
ever have an Instagram picture up this
go cam is definitely the like what I use
to edit it and sorry guys you're in a
blur so yeah this go cam is like my
favor ever I have cute cut for some
videos square ready and free video
downloader and then I have a fine which
I hardly ever go on lifestyle I have the
app store iTunes Store notes clock
Safari settings mail I like to have a
google one right here just so I could
click it and it automatically goes on to
like Google because the Safari one you
have to like type in google i don't know
i just love google google over
everything I don't like being being as
gross like what even is being I don't
like Bing anyway um yeah that's pretty
much it let's see any pictures I have
and like what my pictures are selfies on
selfies I've been wanting these black
Tim's like so bad recently and they are
just so cute but they're like one hand
189 I will get them one day one day but
you know what actually that's not even
lot 4 times I have pictures of Kylie
Jenner just kidding no I really have
this one because I like her jeans there
and I've been looking for jeans like
that so I was like I need to take a
picture of this so I could like find
them later and my friend at Lachman
stuff like that have um love selfies on
selfies on selfies on selfies yeah
there's just a lot of stuff on here and
i always take pitches like screenshots
of like places i want to go and stuff
like that a shot food looks like my head
looks like that's my head ok this is my
shots my name is Chris skizzle it's
right here at the top Reyes skazal I've
like pictures of what I'm doing like
this is house in Los Angeles um I was on
a rooftop restaurant and just put up
pictures just put up random things
there's that one picture me in Dallas
obviously done so you guys need to
follow me on shots
here 20 Rick really from Danny that
right now when it like right right and
milk at my aunt's party
Shh anyway that is my what's on my
iPhone 6 well that is it for today I
hope you guys liked the video and it was
really like I did I feel like I have
more on here but I feel like if there's
just like a hidden drawer with like all
these stuff that I cuz I'm on my phone
constantly but yeah that's the only like
things I have on my phone anyway I hope
you liked this video and I will talk to
you guys in my next one I'll talk to you
later bye